c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.dll.config
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.pdb
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.pdb
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AccesoLibro.dll
c:\users\adminquality\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AccesoLibro.pdb
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.dll.config
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.pdb
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AccesoLibro.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AccesoLibro.pdb
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.dll
D:\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.pdb
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.dll.config
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebLibro.pdb
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AccesoLibro.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AccesoLibro.pdb
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\AccesoLibro.dll.config
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.dll
D:\PruebaTecnica\PruebaQualitycod\LIBRERIAJOSELUIS\WebLibro\obj\Debug\WebLibro.pdb
